Sir, what happened?
How long has it been since your stuff was moved?
Two days ago
Miss Sheng said that those computers are to be used at school
Let someone move
What else did he say?
Didn't say anything.
moger
Vice President
Is the card for Mr. Sheng useful?
The deputy vice president newly put away the money he has not used the card
Brother, what happened?
Before Brother Shengnuan
Do you think you are in love with you?
It turned out that
He is just a little lover maintained by you
Or someone else's stand-in?
Also warned by mom
And Su Nian
So cruel what a stand-in
What on earth are you talking about?
Su Nian picked Suo Ma to find Shengnuan's
Yeah, why can't he get in?
Saint Nuan is just his stand-in
Who said that? Everyone says that.
Said that your pursuit of Su Nian was rejected
I found a substitute who was somewhat similar to Su Nian
I come to place my love on Acacia
Isn't it?
Shen Short, listen to me
I denied my relationship
Fear of affecting your career
There's no double.
I didn't know my mom went to find you
I don't know how to send those Weibo.
I'll place an order and apologize to you.
Sorry.
You don't have to apologize.
I wanted to talk to you about the separation before
Why is that?
The two of us weren't that kind in the first place
You must have an emotionally accountable relationship
You want to keep a canary?
I'm also looking for a temporary lover
Together at the right time
If you want it to be over, you can get together and break up, right?
Since it is a relationship between two people
It doesn't count if one person says it.
I don't agree to separate